hey guys what is up it is Alex here and
I thought I bring a little bit more f1
at 2012 gameplay and it's not any sort
of single player or champions but this
time it's actually split screen and this
is the only gameplay you'll actually
find on youtube of it and if you want to
go and check out the guys channel his
links down in the description it's
Mozart 2612 he's got a lot of great
stuff over on there except from just
gamescon footage and you should
definitely go check it out if you want
to and I think this is some pretty good
quality as well that you can actually
look at on the screen but yeah guys
let's get into the video and talk about
what we can see in this game play first
off we look at the lotus the top of the
screen you can see look at the cars the
battling everywhere this is really
really good to see for the game it's the
fact that the cars are actually fighting
among themselves just the AI and it's
not that you know the people playing
that are causing the crashes you know
there's a little bit of crash there but
we can see that the AI were actually
thinking about whether going in this
game they weren't just like following a
racing line which they seem to in twenty
ten and eleven and you can see here the
Mercedes spins off and I'd say lies a
bit more of a realistic speed than we
saw in 2011 s game but i think you know
overall dunno we can see the gravel pick
up the tires once again here is you know
that gravel staying on there for a huge
right time which is a bit more realistic
maybe not a huge amount of time that we
saw in one of the videos where it
literally stayed on it for like half a
lap which is a bit unrealistic well now
i think back at it but we can see here
all the cars blocking up the road and
this the mercedes on the bottom screen
finding it hard to get through and you
can see their cards cans actually coming
back down the straight so they are
putting up will be able to fight you
know Carter Kane's going offline to try
and you know defend its position you can
see here Verne gets past Kovalainen and
goes past I can't see who's that is I
think it's delarosa Spanish flag I can
see but the cars are definitely more
attacking there you know really fighting
for their positions and they're trying
to keep the position you can see there's
not as easy to get through to pack as it
was in 2011 the cars are t12 getting in
the way when you're trying to overtake
you can see a head on the wall at the
screen the cars going side by side into
the final corner and you can see they're
Kovalainen making a defensive line into
the last corner and at the end of this
video we're going to go on to an
a bit of video which is from gameplay
from in the rain which is exciting to
watch as well now let's a look at the
bottom screen as it comes into the pits
now wonder if the animation is different
than in just the single player yeah it
does look a little bit different you
were staying in the in the car this time
in the in the single player you actually
just go out the car and have a little
look around I think a gameplay looks a
bit different what's coming in the pits
that you can saw safety car and they got
the top of screen pretty fast in the
Lotus and that's quite realistic because
let's think back in Bahrain the Lotus
was fast and which is always a good
thing but here we go we're going to move
on to the rain gameplay in a second here
but no good thoughts about this game
player you can see here very very good
looks more realistic than 2011 which is
what we all wanted to see and it's
definitely good to see the improvements
in split screen so that's here move on
to the rain gameplay it's at the
American circuit the circuit of Americas
and you can see the starting up ray
shots here look a bit nicer than last
year's so it doesn't look like they've
try to improve some of the cinematics
from twenty eleven to twenty twelve and
you can see here the rain you know
doesn't look really realistic but no I
don't think it's really easy to make a
realistic-looking rain in the game but
here we go up to turn one I expect some
more drama here because the cars are
everywhere to turn when there were like
five wide huge crash in the bottom
screen there or huge crash buried a
side-by-side action which lost Perez's
front when I think that was and you can
see their top of the screen a little bit
of contacting the rain taking out both
the lotuses and there is a penalty
penalty x 1 can't cause the collision
than over there anybody asks actually
notice that that's 10 seconds worth of
penalties that he got for taking out
grows on and that's something a little
bit different I think because it said
penalty times once it's done at how many
penrith we get all the opportunity to
take to be three penalties I think
that's probably what we're going to see
where you look at this I have caused a
huge crash Petrov looks like he's gone
off in the rain and caused a little bit
of a pileup he isn't going to front wing
and there we go yellow flags no
overtaking a little bit of a spin for
raikkonen
yet again but in 2011 you could just
overtake under yellows and the game
wouldn't really care so I think in this
game by the looks of it you can't
actually overtake and you probably will
get another penalty for it there's the
green flag and overall I think as you
can see here in the breaking of the top
of the screen that the car is not as
easy under braking as you would think in
2011 and 2011 it was just really kind of
easy to break in the reigning conditions
guys this is pretty much it for this
video if you enjoyed the video bone to
give it a thumbs up rating and subscribe
to the channel if you haven't already
and also the guy that made this video as
well as got many other videos on his
channel going to check his link on the
discretion or you can click on the
screen on this little logo which you can
see up there and guys this is pretty
much it hope you enjoyed the video and
hopefully I'll have some more gameplay
to show you but there is really not much
gameplay left on YouTube can go and
check out making motions you've got a
couple of extra game plays on his
channel as well I think you've enjoyed
them but guys that is pretty much it for
this episode hope you have a wonderful
day sporanox andaman here bye
you